new resources for defyhatenow boardgame (#52)
ASKnetCommunity/Training: README.md

If the requirements are met, all you need to do is check out this Git repository locally and enter the following command in the repository's directory:

```
docker compose up -d
```
and then go to your browser and type `http://0.0.0.0:4000/Training`

Note: In case the browser can't open the link above open the "Gemfile" in the "Training" repository and add: 
```
gem "webrick" 
```
at the end of the file, save the file, stop docker and start docker with 
```
docker compose up 
```

> again. This is only a temporary hack for local instances! DO NOT COMMIT TO MAIN BRANCH!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
again. This is only a temporary adjustment for local instance development! DO NOT COMMIT TO MAIN BRANCH!
```
